Document webhook channel name case-sensitivity after MySQL to PostgreSQL migration (#8183)
mattermost/docs: source/deploy/postgres-migration.rst

Then, re-run the command from step 2.

Incoming webhook channel names become case-sensitive after migration
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

After migrating from MySQL to PostgreSQL, incoming webhooks that previously worked with mixed-case channel names (e.g., ``"Tech-Talk"``) will fail with the following error:

.. code-block:: text

  GetChannelByName: Channel does not exist.

> This occurs because Mattermost does not allow creating channels with uppercase names - all new channels must have lowercase names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This occurs because Mattermost doesn't allow the creation of channels with uppercase characters. All new channels must only contain lowercase characters.
```

Additionally, MySQL is case-insensitive when matching channel names, while PostgreSQL is case-sensitive. This means that webhook payloads that worked with MySQL's forgiving case-insensitive matching will fail with PostgreSQL's strict case-sensitive matching.
In rare cases, older channels may still exist with mixed-case names in your database. These channels are considered invalid and may cause issues when performing operations like updating channel headers.

**Solution:**

> Update all webhook payloads to use lowercase channel names.

Reviewer 2: @hanzei should we incorporate this into `migration-assist`? Seems like this task can be automated.

Author: Sure, that seems like a fix that we can easily automate. I wonder if we should go a step further and do a full-on migration inside of mattermost to fix any potentially existing inconsistencies.

> Update all webhook payloads to use lowercase channel names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update all webhook payloads to use only lowercase channel names.
```

**Prevention:**

Before migrating to PostgreSQL:

> 1. Audit your incoming webhooks and update any that use mixed-case channel names in their payloads
> 2. Check for any legacy channels with mixed-case names that may have been created in earlier versions
> 3. Consider renaming any mixed-case channels to lowercase to prevent issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Audit your incoming webhooks and update any that use mixed-case channel names in their payloads.
2. Check for any legacy channels with mixed-case names that may have been created in earlier versions.
3. Consider renaming any mixed-case channels to lowercase to prevent issues.
```
